DOCS-1006 - SEO improvements (lengthen metadata descriptions, fix H1s) (#5611)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/search/search-query-language/index.md

---
slug: /search/search-query-language
title: Search Query Language

> description: Master Sumo Logic’s Search Query Language to run advanced log searches, create visualizations, and unlock powerful insights from your data.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Master Sumo Logic's search query language to run advanced log searches, create visualizations, and unlock powerful insights from your data.
```
